docs/index.markdown, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
---
Welcome to the official website of the Global Animal Diel Activity Project. 

# Project context

The diel activity (activity over the 24-hour period of time) of organisms is typically described using the terms diurnal, nocturnal, crepuscular or cathemeral. The species that are active primarily during the day are considered **diurnal** while those that are active predominantly at night time are taken as **nocturnal**. **Crepuscular** species are active at dawn and dusk while **cathemeral** creatures are active for irregular periods through the 24-hour period. Activity patterns are shaped by the morphology, physiology, and phylogeny of species.

In this project, we are estimating mammal diel activity across the globe in a rigorous and comparable framework. We are specifically focused on non-volant mammals that are detectable via camera traps. 

[Map of datasets by project]({% link map_projects.md %})

# Project leads
The team leading this project is comprised of:

1) [Kadambari Devarajan](http://kadambarid.in/) is a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Rhode Island. 

2) [Brian Gerber](https://web.uri.edu/gerberslab/) is an assistant professor at the University of Rhode Island. 

3) [Mason Fidino](https://masonfidino.com/) is a quantitative ecologist at the Lincoln Park Zoo. 

4) [Zach Farris](https://farriszj.wixsite.com/mysite) is an assistant professor at Appalachian State University.

We have an extensive list of collaborators from around the world who have shared their camera trap datasets for this project.

Commit message:

Adding species map as sep page

docs/index.markdown, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
---
Welcome to the official website of the Global Animal Diel Activity Project. 

# Project context

The diel activity (activity over the 24-hour period of time) of organisms is typically described using the terms diurnal, nocturnal, crepuscular or cathemeral. The species that are active primarily during the day are considered **diurnal** while those that are active predominantly at night time are taken as **nocturnal**. **Crepuscular** species are active at dawn and dusk while **cathemeral** creatures are active for irregular periods through the 24-hour period. Activity patterns are shaped by the morphology, physiology, and phylogeny of species.

In this project, we are estimating mammal diel activity across the globe in a rigorous and comparable framework. We are specifically focused on non-volant mammals that are detectable via camera traps. 

# Maps

* [Map of datasets color-coded by number of projects per country]({% link map_projects.md %})

* [Map of datasets by color-coded by number of species per country]({% link map_species.md %})

# Project leads
The team leading this project is comprised of:

1) [Kadambari Devarajan](http://kadambarid.in/) is a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Rhode Island. 

2) [Brian Gerber](https://web.uri.edu/gerberslab/) is an assistant professor at the University of Rhode Island. 

3) [Mason Fidino](https://masonfidino.com/) is a quantitative ecologist at the Lincoln Park Zoo. 

4) [Zach Farris](https://farriszj.wixsite.com/mysite) is an assistant professor at Appalachian State University.

We have an extensive list of collaborators from around the world who have shared their camera trap datasets for this project.
